# 01. Pointers and References – Homework Exercises

Write C++ code for solving the tasks on the following pages.

Code should compile under the C++03 or the C++11 standard.

Submit your solutions here: [https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1150/01-Pointers-and-References-Homework](https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1150/01-Pointers-and-References-Homework)

Any code files that are part of the task are provided under the folder **Skeleton**.

Please follow the exact instructions on uploading the solutions for each task.

# Task 3 – Order

You are given program in an **OrderMain.cpp** file that reads info about **companies** – **name** and **id** – and then prints them ordered by their id, in increasing order. To describe a company, it uses the **Company.h** file, which you are also given.

To order the companies, **OrderMain.cpp** uses a class named **OrderedInserter** from a file named **OrderedInserter.h** – it initializes it with an empty vector of companies, then calls a method named **insert** for each company in the input, then prints the contents of the **vector**.

Your task is to study the code in **OrderMain.cpp** , then create a file called **OrderedInserter****.h**(which**OrderMain.cpp**includes) containing the definition of the**OrderedInserter **class, written in such a way that** Main.cpp** compiles successfully and works as described above.

You should submit a single **.zip** file for this task, containing ONLY the **OrderedInserter****.h **file. The Judge system has a copy of the other files and will compile them along with your** OrderedInserter ****.h** file in the same directory.

To correctly use the **Company** definition, without interfering with its usage by **OrderMain.cpp** , use the following structure for the **OrderedInserter****.h** file:

**OrderedInserter.h**
```cpp
#ifndef ORDERED\_INSERTER\_H
#define ORDERED\_INSERTER\_H
#include "Company.h"
// Place your code here, as well as any other #include directives you might need
#endif// !ORDERED\_INSERTER\_H
```
### Examples

| **Input** | **Output** |
| --- | --- |
| acme 424242420 <br> softuni\_foundation 20140414 <br> itjoro 878968302 <br> end | softuni\_foundation 20140414 <br> acme 424242420 <br> itjoro 878968302 |
