# 1.02. Memory Management – Homework Exercises

Write C++ code for solving the tasks on the following pages.

Code should compile under the C++03 or the C++11 standard.

Submit your solutions here: [https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1152/02-Memory-Management-Homework](https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1152/02-Memory-Management-Homework)(select &quot;Compete&quot; when prompted)

Any code files that are part of the task are provided under the folder **Skeleton**.

Please follow the exact instructions on uploading the solutions for each task.

# 2.Task 2 – Remove Invalid

You are given code for a program, which reads **Company** objects from the console, allocates dynamic memory for them, adds them to a list, and calls a **removeInvalid** function multiple times during the read and once after all companies have been read, to **remove companies with invalid ids**. The program then **prints all companies with a valid id**. Valid ids are **non-negative**.

Your task is to implement the **removeInvalid** function a **RemoveInvalid.h** file. The function should remove all companies with negative ids (use the **getId()** getter in **Company** ) from the list.

Your **RemoveInvalid.h** file should resemble the following:

| **RemoveInvalid.h** |
| --- |
| #ifndefREMOVE\_INVALID\_H <br> #defineREMOVE\_INVALID\_H<br><br>#include "Company.h" // <br> Place your code here <br>#endif// !REMOVE\_INVALID\_H  |

You should submit a single **.zip** file for this task, containing ONLY the **RemoveInvalid.h** file. The Judge system has a copy of the other files and will compile them, along with your file, in the same directory.

### Additional Requirements

The order of the valid companies in the input must match the order in the output.

Make sure there are no memory leaks.

### Examples

| **Input** | **Output** |
| --- | --- |
| 123 valid <br> -123 invalid <br> 321 ancientmarinerinc <br> end | 123 valid <br> 321 ancientmarinerinc |
| 42 noinvalidhere <br> end | 42 noinvalidhere |
