# 1.02. Memory Management – Homework Exercises

Write C++ code for solving the tasks on the following pages.

Code should compile under the C++03 or the C++11 standard.

Submit your solutions here: [https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1152/02-Memory-Management-Homework](https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1152/02-Memory-Management-Homework)(select &quot;Compete&quot; when prompted)

Any code files that are part of the task are provided under the folder **Skeleton**.

Please follow the exact instructions on uploading the solutions for each task.

# 2.Task 3 – Make Company

You are given program in an **MakeCompanyMain.cpp** , as well as a **Company.h** file, that read information about **companies** and writes it to the console.

Each company has:

- --An **id** (a 4-byte integer)
- --A **name** (a **string** containing a sequence of lowercase English letters **a-z** )
- -- **Employees** by their initials (a **vector** of **pair** s of characters, containing at most **255** employee initials)

The **MakeCompanyMain.cpp** file reads the information from the console as a single line for each company, containing:

- --company **id** string
- --space
- --company **name**
- --2 characters representing the initials of the first employee
- --Space
- --Again 2 characters, representing the second employee
- --… and so on

NOTE: there could be companies without employees, in which case the line ends with the company name.

For example, if we have the companies:

- -- **id = 42, name = &quot;uni&quot;, employees = { {&#39;I&#39;, &#39;K&#39;}, {&#39;S&#39;, &#39;N&#39;} }** and
**id = 13, name = &quot;joro&quot;, employees = { {&#39;G&#39;, &#39;G&#39; } }**

Their representation as **string** s read by **MemoryMain.cpp** will be:

**42 uni IK SN
13 joro GG**

The program reads each line from the console, then calls a function named **makeCompany** to **dynamically allocate memory** for a **Company** object and set its values, then prints its representation as a back to the console (i.e. the program should print the exact line it read), until a line containing the single string **&quot;end&quot;** is reached.

Your task is to create a file called **MakeCompany.h** containing the function **makeCompany** such that the program compiles successfully and performs the described task.

Your file should resemble the following:

| **MakeCompany.h** |
| --- |
| #ifndef MAKE\_COMPANY\_H <br> #defineMAKE\_COMPANY\_H <br>  <br> #include&quot;Company.h&quot; <br> // Place your code here <br> #endif// !MAKE\_COMPANY\_H |

You should submit a single **.zip** file for this task, containing ONLY the **MakeCompany.h** file. The Judge system has a copy of the other files and will compile them, along with your file, in the same directory.

### Additional Requirements

Make sure you correctly create the Company objects and ensure that there are **no memory leaks**.

### Examples

| **Input** | **Output** |
| --- | --- |
| 42 uni IK SN <br> 13 joro GG <br> end | 42 uni IK SN <br> 13 joro GG |
| 188 noemployees <br> 58 oneemployee SA <br> end | 188 noemployees58 oneemployee SA |
