# 1.02. Memory Management – Homework Exercises

Write C++ code for solving the tasks on the following pages.

Code should compile under the C++03 or the C++11 standard.

Submit your solutions here: [https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1152/02-Memory-Management-Homework](https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1152/02-Memory-Management-Homework)(select &quot;Compete&quot; when prompted)

Any code files that are part of the task are provided under the folder **Skeleton**.

Please follow the exact instructions on uploading the solutions for each task.

# 2.Task 4 – Parse Unique Companies

You are given code for a program, which reads lines from the console containing the information about **Company** objects, sends those lines as a single **string** to a function named **parseUniqueCompanies** and expects the function to return a pointer to a dynamically allocated array, which the program iterates and prints information about each parsed **Company**.

In the input, each **Company** is described by a single line, containing the **Company** id (an integer) followed by the **Company** name (a string), separated by a single space.

In addition to the string, the program passes two other parameters:

- --an integer, which it expects to be set (by the **parseUniqueCompanies** function) with the **number of companies** in the input
- --a function pointer/reference to a function that generates a unique identifier for a company. The **parseUniqueCompanies** function is expected to return no more than one company (the first in the input) for each unique identifier

The program decides which unique identifier function to use based on a number in the last line of the input:

1. unique identifier is the **Company**&#39;s id
2. unique identifier is the **Company**&#39;s name
3. unique identifier is the **Company**&#39;s name concatenated by the **Company**&#39;s id

Your task is to implement the **parseUniqueCompanies** function a **ParseCompanies.h** file.

Your **ParseCompanies.h** file should resemble the following:

| **ParseCompanies.h** |
| --- |
| #ifndef PARSE\_COMPANIES\_H <br> #definePARSE\_COMPANIES\_H <br>  <br> #include "Company.h" <br> <br> // Place your code here <br>  <br> #endif// !PARSE\_COMPANIES\_H  |

You should submit a single **.zip** file for this task, containing ONLY the **ParseCompanies.h** file. The Judge system has a copy of the other files and will compile them, along with your file, in the same directory.

### Examples

| **Input** | **Output** |
| --- | --- |
| 123 valid <br> 123 copy <br> 321 ancientmarinerinc <br> end <br> 1  | 123 valid <br> 321 ancientmarinerinc |
| 42 theanswertolifetheuniverseandeverything <br> 420 theanswertolifetheuniverseandeverythin <br> gend <br> 3 | 42 theanswertolifetheuniverseandeverything <br> 420 theanswertolifetheuniverseandeverything |
