# 04. Advanced C++ Class Members – Homework Exercises

Write C++ code for solving the tasks on the following pages.

Code should compile under the C++03 or the C++11 standard.

Submit your solutions here: https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1183/04-Advanced-CPlusPlus-Class-Members-Homework (select &quot;Compete&quot; when prompted)

Any code files that are part of the task are provided under the folder **Skeleton**.

Please follow the exact instructions on uploading the solutions for each task.

# Task 3 – Operators

You are given code for a program which reads a specified number of lines from the console, and then formats them in the following way:

- --It prepends two lines of characters before the lines from the input
- --It then places each of the original lines prefixing it with its number (starting from 1) followed by **&quot;. &quot;**
- --It then appends a line of characters at the end

The program does all this (you don&#39;t have to do input, output, or determining of line numbers), but it uses operators which aren&#39;t defined in the C++ language.

Your task is to study what the code in **OperatorsMain.cpp** and implement the necessary operators in **Operators.h** (which is **#include** -d by **OperatorsMain.cpp** ), so that **OperatorsMain.cpp** compiles successfully and accomplishes the task described. Your **Operators.h** file should resemble the following:

| **Operators.h** |
| --- |
| #ifndef OPERATORS\_H#defineOPERATORS\_H #include\&lt;ostream\&gt;#include\&lt;vector\&gt;#include\&lt;string\&gt;#include\&lt;sstream\&gt; // Place your code here #endif// !OPERATORS\_H |

You should submit a single **.zip** file for this task, containing ONLY the **Operators.h** file. The Judge system has a copy of the other files and will compile them, along with your file, in the same directory.

### Examples

| **Input** | **Output** |
| --- | --- |
| 2<br>helloc++<br>operators | Formatted Lines<br>----------------<br>1. hello (5)<br>2. c++ operators (13)<br>---------------- |