# 01. Pointers and References – Homework Exercises

Write C++ code for solving the tasks on the following pages.

Code should compile under the C++03 or the C++11 standard.

Submit your solutions here: [https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1150/01-Pointers-and-References-Homework](https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1150/01-Pointers-and-References-Homework)

Any code files that are part of the task are provided under the folder **Skeleton**.

Please follow the exact instructions on uploading the solutions for each task.

# Task 1 – TryParse

You are given program in a **Main.cpp** file that reads two strings, each of which **is either a valid integer** , **or**** contains only letters **, then attempts to parse them into** integer **numbers – using a function called** tryParse**– and calculate their sum.

If both numbers can be parsed, their sum is printed.

Otherwise, two lines are printed, one of them for the first number, the other for the second number. Each of those lines contains either the input string for that number, but if the number was not successfully parsed, the line starts with **&quot;[error] &quot;** followed by the input string for the number.

Your task is to study the code in **Main.cpp** , then create a file called **TryParse.h** (which **Main.cpp** includes) containing the definition of the **tryParse** function, written in such a way that Main.cpp compiles successfully and works as described above.

You should submit a single **.zip** file for this task, containing ONLY the **TryParse.h** file. The Judge system has a copy of the **Main.cpp** file and will compile it and your **TryParse.h** file in the same directory.

### Examples

| **Input** | **Output** |
| --- | --- |
| 13 42 | 55 |
| asd 112 | [error] <br> asd112 |
