# 02. Memory Management – Homework Exercises

Write C++ code for solving the tasks on the following pages.

Code should compile under the C++03 or the C++11 standard.

Submit your solutions here: [https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1153/03-Exercises-on-Pointers-References-and-Dynamic-Memory](https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1153/03-Exercises-on-Pointers-References-and-Dynamic-Memory) (select &quot;Compete&quot; when prompted)

Any code files that are part of the task are provided under the folder **Skeleton**.

Please follow the exact instructions on uploading the solutions for each task.

# Task 4 – Ranges

A range is a **pair of integer numbers** – let&#39;s say that **from** and **to** form the range**[from, to]**.

If an integer number **x** is such that **from \&lt;= x \&lt;= to** , then we say that **x** is **inside** the range **[from, to]****, **or that the range** [from, to] **contains** x**.

You are given a set of ranges, in which no two ranges intersect. That means that no range contains the **from** or **to** of another range.

You are also given a sequence of integer numbers – let&#39;s call them **check numbers**.

For each of the **check numbers** , print **&quot;in&quot;** if the number is inside any range, and **&quot;out&quot;** otherwise (i.e. if no range contains the number).

NOTE: there will be a large number of ranges and an even larger number of integer numbers.

### Input

The input will be separated into two parts.

The first part will contain the ranges, each described as two integer numbers on a separate line of the standard input (the **from** and **to** of the range), until a line containing only the symbol **&#39;.&#39;** (dot) is reached.

After that, each line of the standard input will contain exactly one check number, until a line containing only the symbol **&#39;.&#39;** (dot) is reached.

### Output

For each **check number** in the input, print **&quot;in&quot;** if that number is contained in any range, or **&quot;out&quot;** if no range contains that number.

### Restrictions

There will be between **1** and **10000** ranges (inclusive).

There will be between **1** and **100000** check numbers (inclusive).

For every range, **from \&lt;= to**.

In **30%** of the tests, there will be no more than **10** ranges and **10** numbers.

The total running time of your program should be no more than **0.4s**

The total memory allowed for use by your program is **8MB**

### Example I/O

| Example Input | Expected Output |
| --- | --- |
| 1 3<br>5 10<br>20 20<br>.<br>0<br>2<br>3<br>4<br>5<br>7<br>19<br>20. | out<br>in<br>in<br>out<br>in<br>in<br>out<br>in  |
| -5 0<br>1 3<br>.<br>-10000<br>-1000<br>0<br>10<br>. | out<br>out<br>in<br>out  |
