# 01. Pointers and References – Homework Exercises

Write C++ code for solving the tasks on the following pages.

Code should compile under the C++03 or the C++11 standard.

Submit your solutions here: [https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1150/01-Pointers-and-References-Homework](https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1150/01-Pointers-and-References-Homework)

Any code files that are part of the task are provided under the folder **Skeleton**.

Please follow the exact instructions on uploading the solutions for each task.

# Task 2 – Find

You are given program in a **Main.cpp** file that reads info about **companies** – **name** and **id** – and then reads a **search id** , finds a company with that **id** , and prints the info about that company. If no such company has been entered, the program prints **&quot;[not found]&quot;**. To do the search, the program uses a function named **find**. To describe a company, it uses the **Company.h** file, which you are also given.

Your task is to study the code in **Main.cpp** , then create a file called **Find.h** (which **Main.cpp** includes) containing the definition of the **find** function, written in such a way that **Main.cpp** compiles successfully and works as described above.

You should submit a single **.zip** file for this task, containing ONLY the **Find.h** file. The Judge system has a copy of the **Main.cpp** file and will compile it along with your **Find.h** file in the same directory.

To correctly use the **Company** definition, without interfering with its usage by **Main.cpp** , use the following structure for the **Find.h** file:

| **Find.h** |
| --- |
| #ifndef FIND\_H |
| #defineFIND\_H |
| #include&quot;Company.h&quot; |
| // Place your code here, as well as any other #include directives you might need |
| #endif// !FIND\_H |

### Examples

| **Input** | **Output** |
| --- | --- |
| acme 424242420itjoro 878968302softuni\_foundation 20140414end878968302 | itjoro 878968302 |
