# 02. Memory Management – Homework Exercises

Write C++ code for solving the tasks on the following pages.

Code should compile under the C++03 or the C++11 standard.

Submit your solutions here: [https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1153/03-Exercises-on-Pointers-References-and-Dynamic-Memory](https://judge.softuni.bg/Contests/1153/03-Exercises-on-Pointers-References-and-Dynamic-Memory) (select &quot;Compete&quot; when prompted)

Any code files that are part of the task are provided under the folder **Skeleton**.

Please follow the exact instructions on uploading the solutions for each task.

# Task 2 – Sort Pointers

You are given information about companies – lines with names and ids, ending with the line &quot;end&quot; – as well as a Company class that represents a company. Your task is to sort the companies either by their name or by their id. The last line of the input will contain either &quot;name&quot; or &quot;id&quot;, indicating what you should sort the companies by

You are also given code that does the reading and writing to the console, and uses a function named **sortBy** , defined in a file **SortBy.h** , to do the actual sorting. Note that the code you are given works on pointers, instead of normal Company objects. The **sortBy** function accepts **3** parameters:

- --A Company\* to the first company in an array of companies
- --A Company\* pointing AFTER the last company in the array of companies
- --A function pointer/reference, which compares 2 Company objects (not pointers) and returns true if its first parameter is &quot;less than&quot; its second parameter. Study the SortPointersMain.cpp file for more information on what functions can be passed in to your function

You should submit a single **.zip** file for this task, containing ONLY the **SortBy.h** file, containing an **int main()** function that solves the task described.

| **SortBy.h** |
| --- |
| #ifndefSORT\_BY\_H <br> #defineSORT\_BY\_H <br><br> #include "Company.h"; <br><br> // Place your code here <br><br> #endif// !SORT\_BY\_H |

The Judge system has a copy of the other files and will compile them, along with your file, in the same directory.

### Examples

| **Input** | **Output** |
| --- | --- |
| acme 424242420 <br> softuni\_foundation 20140414 <br> itjoro 878968302 <br> end <br> id | softuni\_foundation 20140414 <br> acme 424242420 <br> itjoro 878968302 |
